Go to the resources section of this lecture and you will be able to download this dating apis Springboot
Project.
It will be a zip file unzip the contents of it and you'll find the Dating Api folder.
Once you have the unzipped folder, come to your spring tool suit, go to the file menu.
Import point it to existing maven projects.
Click on Next.
Browse to the directory where you how the dating api  the unzipped version and that will import the dating
API into your IDE.
Once imported, let me walk you through the code that you are going to write the unit test for in
the next few lectures.
This dating API project has four requirements, as I have already mentioned in the previous lecture.
To accomplish this
We have a database called Dating db, you don't have to set up this database because we are writing
unit tests and not integration tests.
This database has two tables user account table that will carry the user information like age, email,
gender, phone number and location, and the interest table, which will carry his likes, dislikes,
hobbies, profile url and more.
The relationship here is a one to one relationship.
Every user or user account will have one interest record, so the interest table has a foreign
key that points to the primary key in the user account table.
Now coming to the code, go to your IDE., go to the source main Java, open up this entity's package.
Open the user account.
This is the first model class or entity we create that represents the user account database table.
And it has all the JPA annotations and you'll also see the Lombok annotations here instead of creating
getters, setters, constructors, etc. In our code, we use the Lombok annotations, which makes the
code much less cluttered.
All the boilerplate coding is gone.
Lombok will generate these getters, setters etc into the dot class file that gets generated for this
Java file.
That's the magic of Lombok.
We'll be able to use all those getters , setters in our other classes.
As usual, we just don't see them here in the code.
Next, the interest represent the interest database table, the second table in the database that is
the entity that maps to it.
These two guys have one on one relationship, as you can see the one on one annotation.
The user account and interest has a one-on-one relationships.
So those are the entities.
Next is the repos.
We have a user account repo and interest repo that allow us to perform crud operations against these
two entities.
The user account repo, along with crud operations, has an additional method called find matches.
That helps us with the last requirement, which is to find matches for a particular user based on his
age, city and country.
It also receives a ID so that we  will ignore the current user when the matches are found.
We don't want the current user for whom we are finding the matches to be returned back.
We simply use the age city and country, and we ignore the user for whom we are finding the matches.
That's one additional method.
The user account repository has, along with all the free crud operations it gets.
Now finally, the class under test is the user account controller.
This is the class that hosts the restful api.
The first method that will be tested is the register user method that takes a user account and it saves
it to the database using user repo dot save
So this user account repository is being injected here in our unit test.
We are going to mock this guy.
Next, is the update interest once we have a user account will add a interest to that user account.
That is this method.
So we'll first find the user account for whom this interest needs to be added when this interest comes
in.
This interest also has a user account ID, see this
transient field it  will not be saved to the database.
It is just to be receive it in the request so the user account ID
will be used to fetch the user account.
That user account will be put on to the interest and then that interest will be saved to the database
using interest repo dot save
So we are going to mock interest repository when we will test this in lectures later on, then get users.
This will fetch all the users and their interest from the database.
It will invoke user repo dot, find all.
when we fetch the user accounts automatically.
User account has a one on one relationship with the interest, so his interest will also be fetched.
That will be the method under test, then delete a interest.
That's another requirement.
We also need to delete a interest given the interest  ID.
for that again will be using a mock version of interest repo and will mock the delete by ID call.
Last is the find matches.
This guy will take a User ID fetches that user from the database first and then users that users
age city and country to do the match.
That will be the last method under test for which will be mocking the user repo dot by ID and
also user repo dot
Find matches.
I'll be walking you through thoroughly about how we are going to test this class in the next lecture
once again.